What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Initializing a git repository creates a .git file in that repo in order to keep
track of the metadata so that git can do its thing. You need to do this in order
for git to track the commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the working directory because it shows which
files are about to be committed, and is different from the repository because the
files here are not currently being tracked. I think it adds value due to letting you
decided exactly what is going to be committed.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change
by using git diff and get diff --staged to make sure what you have in the stagng
area is only one logical change compared to what is in the working directory
and what is in the last commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be useful when making a major or experimental change to a program
Something big that might need a lot of its own code and you stil need a working
master version to show or use.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help to visualize by showing the different branches and giving an idea
of where they came from and their current state. Also helpful for figuring out
what is the correct branch to be using.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together is that they incorporate the changes
from both of the branches so now all the changes are part of the new merged branch.
It is represented the way it is so that you can see that you can reach all of the
previous commits on each branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Git automatic merge is faster and only does merging where the desired output is
obvious. Always doing merges manually would take much longer and could probably
result in more errors based on human judgement than it would catching weird
scenarios. Git already triggers a manual merge in scenaries when the output is
unknown.
